[BE-3926]: Added new step add for review doc, and added app informati… (#516)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-integrations/ios-publish-integrations/add-for-review-on-app-store.md

---
title: Add for Review on App Store
description: Boost your app's visibility by submitting for review on the App Store. Ensure quality, reach more users, and enhance credibility with our expert guidance.
tags: [application, app store, app store connect, app store version]
sidebar_position: 5
---

import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

# Add for Review on App Store

> Appcircle Publish Module isolates the user to a great extent in the App Store Connect interface with its steps. In this way, you can manage your publish process from a single place. With the Add for Review on App Store step, you can send your application version in TestFlight directly to the review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appcircle Publish Module isolates the user to a great extent in the App Store Connect interface with its steps. This allows you to manage the publishing process from a single location.. With the Add for Review on App Store step, you can send your application version in TestFlight directly for review.
```

:::caution Add for Review on App Store

> When this step works, Appcircle will directly submit the relevant version for review. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this step is executed, Appcircle will directly submit the relevant version for review. 
```

For this reason, if there is an error in your [**Metadata Information**](/publish-module/publish-information/meta-data-information) or [**App Information**](/publish-module/publish-information/app-information) details, the step will fail.

:::

### Prerequisites

In order for this step to work, the following steps must be present before this step.

| Prerequisite Workflow Step                      | Description                                     |
|-------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| [**Send to TestFlight**](/publish-integrations/ios-publish-integrations/sent-to-testflight) | This step allows you to submit your application to TestFlight. |

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE3926-submissionOrder.png' />

:::danger Prerequisites

> When this step runs, Appcircle will first search for the relevant version match on **TestFlight**. When the relevant version match is provided, the binary will be sent directly to review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this step runs, Appcircle will first search for the relevant version match on **TestFlight**. Once the relevant version is found, the binary will be sent directly for review.
```
